NARRATOR
Upon arrival in Shalour City
our Heroes reunited
with Korrina
the Shalour Gym Leader
and her Lucario.
After several attempts
to perfect Tierno's rhythmic
battle style in preparation
for his Gym Battle against
Korrina
Ash was ultimately unable
to contain his excitement.
Now, after his decision
to challenge the Gym
as soon as possible.
Our Hero's Shalour City Gym
Battle challenge is underway.
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch them all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Showdown At The Shalour Gym!"
[SAD]
You wanted to battle too
didn't you, Froakie?
[EXERTION]
Froakie, you worked
really hard with me
on the rhythmic battle style.
I know, stay right there
and cheer me on in rhythm.
[EXCITED]
[PLEASED]
Now, let's get that
battle rhythm going.
Battle rhythm. A mystery.
Nothing mysterious about it.
You saw it.
[chuckles]
That's why it's a mystery.
Look out. I'm givin' it
all I've got.
And soon, I'll win.
Alright, Mr. Confidence,
bring it.
Wow! It looks like
a real rivalry.
[EXCITED]
Mienfoo, let's do it.
[EMERGING]
Wow, who's that?
POKEDEX Mienfoo.
The Martial Arts Pokémon.
'Mienfoo's battle moves
become quicker'
'and more precise
with increased concentration.'
Let's have a great battle,
Mienfoo.
[INTENT]
Ash is having so much fun.
That's true,
but I wonder how useful
that rhythmic battle style
will be.
You're worried that Ash
can't dance, right?
As soon as Ash saw Korrina,
he stopped trying
to perfect
his rhythmic battle style.
From that point on,
you could say Korrina
got Ash completely off his game.
‐ Huh?
‐ Oh. Stop!
Hey, whose side
are you on anyway?
Bonnie, the real action
in a Gym Battle begins
from the very moment
a Trainer challenges a Gym.
Hawlucha, I choose you!
[EMERGING]
[CONFIDENT]
I knew he'd go with Hawlucha.
Good luck to both of you.
[FASCINATED]
Gym Battle begin!
Alright, then, Ash,
show me what you got.
Don't disappoint us, Korrina.
Let's get our Shalour Gym
strategy rolling.
One, two, one, two,
one, two.
‐ Hawlucha's doing it.
‐ That's great.
But doesn't Ash need
to dance, too?
[HAPPY]
Would you look at that?
Pikachu's got
Hawlucha's rhythm.
[IMPRESSED]
That's awesome, Hawlucha.
Way to go.
Yup. There you go with
that mysterious rhythm.
But now what are you
gonna do with it?
‐ High Jump Kick.
‐ Use your rhythm to dodge it.
[CONFIDENT]
[PAINED]
Oh.
‐ Hawlucha.
‐ Let's keep up the pressure.
Use Drain Punch, let's go!
[DRAIN PUNCH MOVE]
Use your rhythm to block!
[INTENT]/[PAINED]
[DRAIN PUNCH MOVE]
Hang in there
and use Karate Chop.
Deflect it with a kick.
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
Mienfoo's got
such precise movements.
Oh. I can't watch.
It doesn't look like
Hawlucha can do anything.
What's going on? Tierno's
Squirtle was just fine.
It had no problem
moving around.
Force Palm.
[FORCE PALM MOVE]
[PAINED]
[CONCERNED]
[grunts]
Hawlucha.
So come on and surprise us
some more, Ash. We're ready.
[CONFIDENT]
Can you still battle?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Then use Flying Press.
Mienfoo, use Swift.
[SWIFT MOVE]
Not a Fighting‐type move?
Ah. Use Rhythm.
[SHOCKED]
Hawlucha, no.
[grunts]
Come on, Ash,
don't disappoint us.
Let's wrap it up.
Okay, Mienfoo?
[CONFIDENT]
[grunts]
[URGENT]
How am I gonna win this?
Come on, Ash, you can do it.
You've gotta win that badge.
BONNIE
'Come on.'
SERENA
'No, no Ash. It goes like this.'
‐ Like this?
‐ No, like this.'
'This?'
Sorry. You've got no sense
of rhythm at all.
‐ Aw.
'I know this can't be
easy for you.'
You can say that again.
You know, I guess
you've just got
your own unique sense
of rhythm.
Really? My own?
Serena was right.
I'm not gonna be able to win
this thing by copying Tierno.
[SURPRISED]
Thanks, Pikachu.
You don't have
to dance anymore.
That rhythmic battle
style worked
because Tierno was doing it.
'But we've got
our own unique rhythm.'
Dancing may be Tierno's style,
but it's not mine.
Okay, let's do this.
We'll show them
our own unique battling style.
[SURPRISED]/[CONFIDENT]
You honestly think you can just
change your strategy mid‐battle?
Yeah. Hawlucha knows
what to do for sure.
[EMPHATIC]
I just don't get it.
You're not gonna win like that.
Let's wrap this up
with High Jump Kick.
[HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
Not yet. Draw it in.
[CONCENTRATED]
Go for it.
MEINFOO/HAWLUCHA
[HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]/[EXERTION]
[laughs]
[FRUSTRATED]
Guess Ash decided to drop
the rhythmic battle style.
Wow, that was a perfect dodge.
And when a High Jump Kick misses
the attacker ends up
getting hurt.
‐ Now, Karate Chop, let's go.
‐ Ha!
Nope. Use Force Palm.
Use Flying Press.
[FORCE PALM MOVE]
[FLYING PRESS MOVE]
KORRINA
'Mienfoo.'
[STUNNED]
Mienfoo is unable to battle.
Hawlucha's the winner.
Yes!
[TRIUMPHANT]
[PROUD]
[cheering]
Alright.
As soon as Ash started
using his own style
everything turned around.
Ash, I know you
can do this.
There you go. One‐nothing.
Alright, Ash.
You might be ahead for now
'but the next battle
won't be so easy.'
The Twerps are stoked.
So stoked,
they won't notice a thing.
And clueless Twerps
are just perfect
for Pokémon‐picking time.
[EMPHATIC]
Here we go, Ash. Machoke!
My second Pokémon.
[EAGER]
Hawlucha, return.
Rest up for now.
Next up is Fletchinder.
I choose you!
[CONFIDENT]
‐ Another Flying type.
‐ Fletchinder.
You'll be great.
[cheering]
‐ 'You van do it, Ash.'
‐ 'Whoo!'
Alright, Fletchinder.
Flame Charge.
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
Machoke. Run, then jump.
[ATTENTIVE]
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
Brick Break, let's go.
[BRICK BREAK MOVE]
‐ That's some power.
‐ Hey, get up, Fletchinder, now.
[PAINED]
Low Sweep, go.
[LOW SWEEP MOVE]
[PAINED]
Way to hang in there.
Now, use Steel Wing.
[STEEL WING MOVE]
KORRINA
'Here it comes, Machoke.'
[CONCENTRATED]
‐ Machoke stopped it.
‐ Alright, Machoke, throw it.
Razor Wind.
[EXERTION]
[RAZOR WIND MOVE]
[PAINED]/[FRUSTRATED]
Focus Blast!
[FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
Flame Charge, let's go.
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
MACHOKE/FLETCHINDER
[FOCUS BLAST MOVE]/
[SHOCKED]/[EXERTION]
[STUNNED]
GURKINN
'Machoke is unable to battle.
Fletchinder's the winner.'
[PROUD]
‐ And that's two‐nothing.
‐ Alright.
Hooray.
[laughs]
‐ You know what that means.
‐ Oh, yeah.
Here we go.
Machoke, take a rest.
You looked totally amazing
out there. Thanks.
Now, my final Pokémon.
The star of my team.
[DETERMINED]
We've been waiting for you,
Lucario.
[DETERMINED]
Challenger. Will you
switch out your Pokémon?
Nope. I'm gonna
stick with Fletchinder.
[CONFIDENT]
The time has come.
I wonder how
Ash will take on Lucario.
FROAKIE/DEDENNE
[TENSE]/[CONTENT]
Lucario, go.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Unlock the power within.
Mega Evolve.
[ENERGIZED]
[CONFIDENT]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Mienfoo.
[APPEARING]
There it is. It Mega Evolved.
[EXCITED]
Let's do this. Flame Charge.
[CONFIDENT]
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
Lucario, Metal Sound.
[METAL SOUND MOVE]
[PAINED]
Fight through it. Go on!
[STRUGGLING]
[FRUSTRATED]
Super‐effective.
The appearance of Mega Lucario
has them all jazzed.
Soon we'll be
leavin' them razzed.
[EMPHATIC]
That Fire‐type move
really packed a punch
but try this on for size.
Aura Sphere!
[AURA SPHERE MOVE]
Fletchinder.
Use Steel Wing to block.
[STEEL WING MOVE]
[SATISFIED]
‐ Ah.
‐ 'Power‐Up Punch.'
[POWER UP PUNCH MOVE]
[PAINED]/[STUNNED]
GURKINN
Fletchinder is unable to battle.
Lucario's the winner.
You were great, Fletchinder.
Thanks a lot.
Now, it's two to one, Korrina.
It's been a while
since you've seen Lucario.
The two of us have been training
really hard
to make sure our hearts
are bonded as one
ever since we worked
with Mabel.
Now, who will you be using next?
Hawlucha, I choose you!
[CONFIDENT]
Karate Chop, let's go.
‐ Hawlucha, good luck.
‐ You can do it.
This battle has reached
its peak.
Pikachu's ours.
[ALERT]/[ATTACKING]
[SHOCKED]
Oh, no.
Not you guys again.
Team Rocket.
Why do you even
have to be here?
Spoken like a silly Twerp.
We're hard at work.
Right.
So stay out of our way.
[ANGRY]
Froakie says we're the ones
in the way of their work.
There's no doubt you're planning
to do something shameful.
You're not interfering
with Ash's battle.
The shame is wasting our time
with Twerpy idle threats.
Cool your Twerpish jets.
Want to fight? Then let's.
[CONFIDENT]
Pumpkaboo, dear,
use Shadow Ball.
Okay, Inkay, use Psybeam.
PUMPKABOO/INKAY
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]/
[ATTACK]
[gasping]
Froakie, that was great.
Chespin, I need your help.
Fennekin, you too.
CHESPIN/FENNEKIN
[ANGRY]
‐ Pin Missile, go.
‐ Use Flamethrower.
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[screaming]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again.
WOBBUFFET
[EXASPERATED]
Uh. Huh?
ASH
'Did something just happen?'
Nope. Nothing at all.
Go, get them, Hawlucha.
[OPTIMISTIC]
[chuckles]
Flying Press, go!
[PLYING PRESS MOVE]
Lucario, Bone Rush.
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ 'Keep on going.'
‐ Aura Sphere.
[AURA SPHERE MOVE]
[PAINED]
[gasps]
Hawlucha, uh..
[STUNNED]
GURKINN
'Hawlucha is unable to battle.'
‐ 'Lucario's the winner.'
‐ Alright.
Thanks a lot, Hawlucha.
Now, take a good rest.
'It wasn't just
Korrina and Lucario'
who got stronger
from special training.
'We did too.'
[AGREEMENT]
Pikachu, it's all up to you now.
[DETERMINED]
Alright, let's show those two
everything we've learned
up to this point.
We'll do it for Hawlucha
and Fletchinder.
Okay, Pikachu, I choose you!
[CONFIDENT]
Pikachu, huh? Finally.
[PLEASED]
'No matter who the opponent is'
'whenever they move,
they leave an opening.'
Now, keep a sharp eye on all
of Mega Lucario's movements.
We know that Pikachu's never
defeated Lucario before.
How will Pikachu handle an even
more powerful Mega Lucario?
[CONCENTRATED]
Why isn't anybody moving?
Because both Pikachu
and Lucario know
that they can't afford
to lose this round.
They're trying
to be extra careful.
This is going to be
a true battle of wills.
I've never seen
anything like this before.
And I've never been so nervous.
[NERVOUS]
Alright, Pikachu.
Use Quick Attack!
Pikachu.
‐ Ash is making his move.
‐ What about Mega Lucario?
Draw Pikachu in.
Alright, Electro Ball, let's go.
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Use Bone Rush!
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
KORRINA
'Hit it back.'
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
[SURPRISED]
Now, use Iron Tail.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
Block it.
Now kick up.
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
Pikachu, Thunderbolt, let's go!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
A Thunderbolt after getting hit?
That's our unique
battle style.
Aura Sphere!
M LUCARIO/PIKACHU
[AURA SPHERE MOVE]/[ALARMED]
[PAINED]
No, Pikachu.
[gasping]
[EAGER]
Pikachu, can you get up?
[STRUGGLING]/[DETERMINED]
Looking good,
Ash and Pikachu.
[IMPRESSED]
That's 'cause I'm gonna
win that badge.
Lucario, Metal Sound.
[METAL SOUND MOVE]
[STRUGGLING]
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt
and wipe out that Metal Sound.
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]
Some power play.
Aura Sphere.
If Pikachu gets hit
after that Metal Sound..
[AURA SPHERE MOVE]
Pikachu, use Iron Tail
and knock down that Aura Sphere.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]/[EXERTION]
[gasps]
‐ Look at that.
‐ What was it?
Remember from the Cyllage Gym?
CLEMONT
Draco Meteor climb.
How is that even possible?
Jump, Lucario. Use Bone Rush.
Iron Tail, let's go!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
PIKACHU/ LUCARIO
[grunting]
PIKACHU/M LUCARIO
[DETERMINED]
‐ They're both standing.
‐ That's incredible.
Lucario took the hit from
Iron Tail before it reached
full speed and doing that kept
the damage it took to a minimum.
Ash and Pikachu, you're amazing.
Using our move
like a springboard
to make a super high jump.
I thought that would be enough
to wrap this up.
You're a tough one, Korrina.
But it is almost time
to wrap this up.
Use Power‐Up Punch.
Go on, Pikachu, Iron Tail.
PIKACHU [IRON TAIL MOVE]
Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Aura Sphere, go.
LUCARIO
[AURA SPHERE MOVE]
Finish this with Thunderbolt.
[THUNDER BOLT MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
[SATISFIED]
[gasps]
Hmm.
Lucario is unable to battle.
Pikachu wins.
Which means, the match goes
to Ash, the challenger.
[gasps]
Yes! Ha. Pikachu.
[RELIEVED]
You were awesome, buddy.
Congratulations, Ash and
Pikachu. You did it.
That was the most exciting
battle ever.
[EMPHATIC]
And once again,
you managed to surprise me.
Well, you can thank
Pikachu for that.
[TOUCHED]
You battled well, Lucario.
‐ 'Korrina.'
‐ Huh?
That was a fine battle.
Ash deserves
all the credit for that.
Pikachu and all his other
Pokémon are awesome.
You and I still have
a lot of work to do.
[OPTIMISTIC]
Don't forget, as Gym Leader, you
still have a duty to perform.
Right.
Ash?
This proves your victory
at the Shalour Gym.
The Rumble Badge. Congrats.
Thanks a lot, Korrina.
Alright. I just
won the Rumble Badge.
[EXCITED]
'And now it's on
to badge number four.'
ASH
'Right.'
So where do you plan
on going next?
Uh, not sure.
Coumarine City
is the closest city from here.
Wow. Coumarine City's
got a monorail.
Yay! I wanna ride.
The Gym Leader there
is quite a thorny opponent.
Yeah, but if anybody can handle
it, that'll be Ash.
[laughs]
Then it's off to Coumarine City.
What do you say, buddy?
[EAGER]
‐ 'Ash?'
‐ Huh?
'I promise I'm gonna make
the Shalour Gym'
'even more passionate
than it is now.'
You make sure
you come back soon.
Yeah. I will.
NARRATOR
And so, Ash's Shalour City
Gym battle challenge has
come to a victorious end.
Ash has his third Kalos Gym
badge, the Rumble Badge.
Now, with their sights
set on Coumarine City
our heroes' journey
continues.